Drop python3.8 support core and providers (#42766)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/installation/supported-versions.rst

2. The "oldest" supported version of Python/Kubernetes is the default one. "Default" is only meaningful
   in terms of "smoke tests" in CI PRs which are run using this default version and default reference
   image available in DockerHub. Currently the ``apache/airflow:latest`` and ``apache/airflow:2.10.2`` images

>    are Python 3.8 images, however, in the first MINOR/MAJOR release of Airflow released after 14.10.2024,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   are Python 3.8 images, however, in the first MINOR/MAJOR release of Airflow released after October 14, 2024.
```
(or other datetime formatting acceptable on both US and the rest of the world 😀)

Also, are we ok with this specific date?

>    are Python 3.8 images, however, in the first MINOR/MAJOR release of Airflow released after October 14th 2024,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   are Python 3.8 images, however, in the first MINOR/MAJOR release of Airflow released after 2024-10-14,
```

(because spelling is complaining about `th` and this is an easier fix from GH review.)
